Blogging.
So let's do the motion for both the process and the stars.
And this option will take more time.
But it's not a problem.
So we'll do it for the same virtual machine that is bolted on because all the other machines used do
look all that that's mean we can't do the motion of the research.
So they just keep working on this machine.
So a click on we chose migrate and no we weren't trolls but computer resource and storage.
So we click next and we go into the opposite direction that's when we want to migrate this machine from
is x.
I host Isak's I won.
So we chose the data center we chose the destination of quarter number three it's compatibles the number
one Azo it's competition.
So it click next.
Then we chose the styles that we want to migrate from this vitrine machine.
It started on last one that we want to migrated to do land too.
But let's try to get it to do that astore.
Number two if we chose Number two like that okay.
Next day the network next then we should hide.
How are we going to migrate it to do that store or do I host a burrito.
That's me.
We can migrate from a shitty storage to a low cost of the holes that we chose.
If we go back again and chose we're not Marty as the same no we'd see we have the post-war one and not
a store number two because the holes in them but we have access to store number one.
So that's why you should care about the low cost.
If we chose one you will see the store number two and not the store number one.
So let's just agree to that.
I won then of course we're not going to look out the store because all the future that we're going to
use need to have a shedded store.
The virtual machine should be stored in a shed installed and not in a lockout.
So we chose not to.
If you remember this machine started into line 1.
So we wanted to do large numbers drop the next day in the VM network.
Of course you can choose any network available and check the compatibility next then skiddoo ventilation
hide.
It's an oxygen machine.
Storage the motion and resouce the motion.
So we click next.
And a quick overview shows the computer resource and storage to the host is exciting but one non-network
assignment to do is learn to same formats as source.
So a quick finish and storage of the emotion will start to and the machine will keep working without
any problem.
So the process I take and do machine work particularly at low
this emotion will take more time as we did into Preview one when we began to do this.
It's need time to copy and past the top out of storage to other external or shete So also we can run
a sig and at the same when we do the work.
So for example we want to migrate this one to the migration from the start.
If you see right here it used to look at the passport.
Of course we can't change the computer resource we see it right here a problem because it only showed
the easiest enough but we can't migrated to done any other easy.
If we chose to channel the stars on the next then we chose to share that storage plan.
Number one it's ok.
Compatible next then finished.
And this is about it on your machine.
McGroarty.
Shit it's trash and do powered on or a life machine migrated to another E6 I without any problem.
So this process will take a little time so I will see you later at the end of the process and we check.
Do you change so.
Or is it the Windows XP.
Number five become in the line storage that brilliant and Windows XP that is bolted on.
No its in the number two.
And of course the machine still bolted on without any problem.
So if we go to the store and try to check the difference barrage brings up that to stop us to run and
check the virtual machine using this one is empty because Windows must have ANY think inside this one
have your machine do when center.
But this is the one that I use for a decent answer.
Then do the Windows XP basics.
Number two is empty have a Windows 7 abroad but we still not touch it yet.
Then learn one have Windows XP.
Then I plan to have Windows XP.
Number four.
Of course if we browse the content fight you will see us define migrating to do lot number two etc
so you see the Windows XP right there and all five of this machine migrated to the line number so all
fired the migrated to number two.
And for the love number one at the top a Windows XP number five.
We'll be right there.
So click on it like that.
We see the Delphi migrated to this house.
That is part of if you remember about it.
All machines have more files uploaded of Mushin have less 5 deemed decie of the harddrive and the other
five.
So the next read your.